today guys on beer geek nation we are
looking at the one the only from Bell's
brewery this is they're too hard a tale
coming in at 7% alcohol by volume it's
an IPA one of the most sought-after IPAs
it spells best-selling beer it's one of
those IPAs it gets a lot of people into
the style it's been around forever and
it's a fantastic beer and now it comes
in cans which is why I decided to review
this as well as they just started
distributing to Southern California I
believe so for all you guys out there I
think you guys got bottles though it is
still in bottles but these new cans are
great for you know taking a fishing
camping to the beach whatever and again
there are 16-ounce cans and I picked up
this bad since batches about two weeks
old I don't know that I've ever been
able to buy too hard it's so fresh so
looking forward to this one let me get
into a glass you guys know it smells
tastes and give the final verdict on
bells to our today all right guys the
aroma I'm not too hard yeah it's awesome
super sweet it's almost like orange
marmalade a little bit of a floral
characteristic a little bit of a sweet
kind of pitted fruit character some
sweet malts in there no alcohol
whatsoever it's just a beautiful
smelling beer alright guys the taste on
the Bells to harden Cheers yeah you know
it's a it's a great beer it's one of
those beers where every time I have it
I'm like yep I get why that beer is so
popular right the front of the tongue
nice pop of bitterness followed
immediately by a little bit of sweet
orange sweet peach a floral kind of
sweet characteristic almost like a it's
like a rose petal type of imagine that
aroma translated to taste if that makes
any sense whatsoever nice sweet Bretty
maltiness to it with that tropical kind
of bitterness kind of lingering there to
help cut some of that malty sweetness
pretty sweet in the aftertaste in the
aftertaste you get more tropical flavors
more tropical juices more kind of very
very sweet grapefruit very sweet orange
peel in there it's super super easy to
drink
is just complex but simple at the same
time so it's a good kind of introductory
IPA but if you know for beer geeks it's
just a great refreshing IPA and again I
get why so many people love it it's a
fantastic beer alright guys so the final
verdict on the Belle's too hard it again
in a 16-ounce can now awesome stuff 7%
alcohol by volume guys this one is
getting an A+ this is the definition of
a world-class IPA it does everything
right it's hoppy but it's got the malt
balance you know it's got a little bit
of the the West Coast vibe going on it's
got more of that kind of central country
a little bit sweeter
hot profile again it's got a little bit
of everything and again every time I
have this beer reminds me why I love it
so much if you haven't had it you're
doing yourself an injustice there's a
reason it is so popular and now that it
comes in cans if you guys can get it
definitely definitely check it out and
I've actually had a couple of these out
of the can
and I really enjoyed drinking it out of
the can I didn't think I would but you
do definitely still get that experience
you get the hoppiness the aroma and it's
just a lot easier than the porn in a
glass to be honest with you so with that
said getting an a-plus for me definitely
pick some of this stuff up it's an
awesome beer remember folks life's too
short
jerk amazing beers
you